README.md, before:

# Mapps!

A Google maps project extending off my other Maps project.
Built with A PostgreSQL, Express, React.js, Node.js stack.
You can create an account, save, update, delete and search your pins.
Use Mapps! to search the globe and if you get lost, find yourself!

### Adding and Editing pins

![''](https://media3.giphy.com/media/0CM8KneHGmKrL6kVFv/giphy.gif?cid=790b761146f684f7e4984d0f0d746dcb2dfccc854543d5d0&rid=giphy.gif&ct=g)

### Search for a location

![''](https://media2.giphy.com/media/r9JVe4PULwlOP0sEsr/giphy.gif?cid=790b76110ef42b89bb4238bbe74fd4bf5d689930ab77cce6&rid=giphy.gif&ct=g)

### Locate me Button

![''](https://media4.giphy.com/media/kmGPpL4RN9Spvrkpiw/giphy.gif?cid=790b76118dbce216275a5d3062d3906841d51b0b078c05c0&rid=giphy.gif&ct=g)

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

###### Learing how to use the Google API's was done with the help of [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZcxJGmLbSo)

Commit message:

implement toggle switch to set public pins

README.md, after:

# Mapps!

A Google maps project extending off my other Maps project.
Built with A PostgreSQL, Express, React.js, Node.js stack.
You can create an account, save, update, delete and search your pins.
You can also set your pins to public to share with others!
Use Mapps! to search the globe and if you get lost, find yourself!

### Adding and Editing pins

![''](https://media3.giphy.com/media/0CM8KneHGmKrL6kVFv/giphy.gif?cid=790b761146f684f7e4984d0f0d746dcb2dfccc854543d5d0&rid=giphy.gif&ct=g)

### Search for a location

![''](https://media2.giphy.com/media/r9JVe4PULwlOP0sEsr/giphy.gif?cid=790b76110ef42b89bb4238bbe74fd4bf5d689930ab77cce6&rid=giphy.gif&ct=g)

### Locate me Button

![''](https://media4.giphy.com/media/kmGPpL4RN9Spvrkpiw/giphy.gif?cid=790b76118dbce216275a5d3062d3906841d51b0b078c05c0&rid=giphy.gif&ct=g)

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

###### Learing how to use the Google API's was done with the help of [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZcxJGmLbSo)
